somewhere between beam-style and well
how long yeah this is bloody great up
here where we are sir just completed the
safari training school which has really
helped make riding these trails out here
so much more fun well there's only one
fuel stop and everyone's just about at
the end of their range so I'm here by
myself I'll meet some new people
you ready yeah I've done this before
you can display the process and result
that went down at the well I didn't know
Don
you
it's America took the wrong line corner
didn't have the confidence to get out of
it or weekend
soon Ganga having endanger anyone's
lives I mean having a good time and it's
all good yes going good I think I'm
gonna get a motorbike when I get back up
this is good this will set me up for
other rides I want to do it's great
you